docs: add python38->311->312 details to edx-sandbox readme (#34632)
openedx/edx-platform: requirements/edx-sandbox/README.rst

**unstable**. Breaking package upgrades and Python langugae upgrades will
regularly land directly in base.txt.

releases/
=========

Starting with Quince, every named Open edX release adds one of these files.
They contain the requirement pins corresponding to ``base.txt`` at the time of
each release.

Installing the edx-sandbox environment from the *latest* release file is
**supported** and **stable**. Installing the edx-sandbox environment from
*older* release files is **unsupported** yet **stable**.

When migrating from one release file to a newer one, be aware of which Python
versions are supported as well as breaking changes in newer packages versions.
You may need to edit the instructor-authored Python code in your platform in
order for it to remain compatible. The edx-platform maintenance team will do their
best to make note of these changes below and in the Open edX release notes.

releases/quince.txt
-------------------

* Frozen between the Quince and Redwood releases
* Supports only Python 3.8

releases/redwood.txt (FUTURE PLAN)
----------------------------------

* Frozen at the time of the Redwood release
* Supports Python 3.8 and Python 3.11

> * BREAKING CHANGE: SciPy is upgraded from 1.7.3 to 1.10.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BREAKING CHANGE: SciPy is upgraded from 1.7.3 to 1.10.1
* BREAKING CHANGE: Numpy is upgraded from 1.22.4 to 1.24.4
```

>   * Please refer to the `SciPy release notes <https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/release.html>`_ for breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Please refer to the `Numpy release notes <https://numpy.org/doc/stable/release.html>`_ for breaking changes.
```

>   * This upgrade prepares edx-sandbox for the Python 3.12 update in Sumac.

Author: @feanil is there anything about the SciPy upgrade you wanted to call out here, or is linking to the release notes sufficient?

Reviewer: The link is sufficient, there are a lot of different specific changes based on what you are using so I don't think capturing them here makes sense.
